Horror with elements of science fiction, tells about an underground Russian bunker with mutant monsters, with elements of real events. The action takes place in 2045, in the near future, where there is a confrontation between two countries, Russia and the United States.

[Intro: Exciting backstory]
The film begins with showing small colonies on the moon/Mars/Europa (satellite). Colonies are engaged in resource extraction and research. At some point, Russia begins preparing for the extraction of a rare resource in a new territory that the United States considers its own. As a result, the conflict unfolds smoothly, first verbally (politicians are shown offering to impose sanctions), and then with shots on a space planet.

Then it is shown the sea, where sailing warship of the United States, over which fly the Russian fighters. Soon, the US military sends its fighters to protect its ship. In the air fighters meet, one of them shows a different rocket, then the front fighter, after flash appear 2 objects (UFOs), one of them is longitudinal like TIC-TACs, and the second flat disk. Objects release "energy" balls and fighters lose communication and partially control (they hang in the air). The us fighter regards the object as a threat and launches a rocket at the UFO, After which a second flash occurs, the fighters fall. Next, a certain Russian headquarters is shown, where they say that scientists urgently need to be sent to bunkers.

[Episode 1: the New reality]
It starts with a scientist who is in some hangar and is researching something. A military man comes and says that he is urgently sent to the bunker, after which he is put in a car (or a military helicopter) and taken to another hangar, which is located in the mountain. The hangar itself is empty, in the middle of the hangar is a shaft with an Elevator, to which a scientist and a military man go. At the bottom, a small mini-city is found, where there are gardens, warehouses, residential areas, and so on.

Other scientists and employees (2-3 women, 3-4 men) are found at the site. The military receives an order to close the bunker, a password is entered into the computer and the bunker security Protocol is activated. All exterior doors are closed.

[Episode 2: The Complex]
After closing the doors, the military tells the scientists that they need to establish communication and goes somewhere. Nothing but a special connection can work, the signal does not pass. Scientists exchange past events, fields of activity, and so on. Then they are located in a residential area. After that, the military comes to the residential sector with a message that communication was established, an order was made to stay at the facility for some time and that tomorrow everyone is resting and settling in.

[Episode 3]
Scientists and engineers are engaged in various garbage, walk around adjacent locations, go to the garden, wonder at the structure of the complex and its compartments. They watch movies, play basketball. They go to bed. Somewhere in 2-3 nights, you start to hear metal screeching or some kind of hum, everyone gets up, the sound passes, everyone is excited. The military reassures everyone by saying that he has already been to such objects and that there is nothing wrong with this and it is just the sounds of pipes, large rooms, and so on. Everyone goes back to bed.

[Episode 4]
The same thing happens as on the previous day, with the correction that scientists start doing some things, after which they have lunch, during lunch there is a powerful Bang, everything shakes. The soldier runs to the computer and finds that the connection has stopped working. After the military reports that the bunker is not in danger and offers to stay in place until he finds out what happened.

He takes an engineer with him and they go through the tunnel system to the "upper layers". The military man puts on a special suit, and the engineer in a panic ignores this. Then they open a kind of airlock, under which there is a thick glass and see something like a nuclear fire mushroom in the sky. Then they stare at it in a daze and then come back after a while. The military tells everyone what happened, begins discussing possible events, after some time everyone goes to their rooms and tries to sleep.

[Episode 5]
In the morning, everyone starts discussing events and the plan of action again. The military offers to find a dosimeter. Everyone begins to notice that something is wrong with the engineer (everyone thinks that radiation sickness), after which he suggests that he go to the room and wait there. He tells the others the cause of his illness, takes a scientist with him, and goes to get a dosimeter.

All the way they hear strange sounds of grinding, rumbling, and so on. In the warehouse, they find a dosimeter and walkie-talkies, measure the radiation level, that it is slightly elevated. Then they are attacked by our monster, a creature (a crossed image of a tiger and a frog, with claws or some other image). They run back, the soldier fights back, but the scientist dies. Matrix-style battles with weapons, knives, and hands. The soldier returns, locks the door, and then reports that it looks like they are not alone in the complex and something needs to be done.

For a while, everyone is in a panic, the silence is broken by the groans of an engineer who has fallen ill with a "serious illness". He is very bad and the skin begins to fall apart, he begins to scream harder, and then asks to be shot. After a while the military shoots him. Everyone goes to their rooms in great shock and tries to sleep.

[Episode 6]
At 2-3 nights, the security door that separates the residential section from the rest of the complex is hit. Everyone in a panic closes in the rooms, after a while they slowly come out and watch that at least two or three of our creatures are standing outside the door. They turn off all the lights and talk in whispers about either running away or getting weapons. At some point, they notice that there is no one behind the door, the military offers to organize alternate surveillance of the door. Then everyone goes to sleep.

[Episode 7]
The three decide to go for weapons while there is no one outside the door. Along the way, they find a computer that shows radar information, where they see that some objects are circling around, moving at high speed and the system does not detect them (UFOs). After that, they hear the creatures rushing somewhere nearby and then the chase begins. Heroes run from room to room, fight back, and so on. Something lights up, they manage to get away.

Making their way through the complex, they find themselves in an Armory, where they collect bags of weapons. On the way back, they return another way, through the green garden of the complex, where once again there is a battle, but with weapons. One creature is killed, one person is injured. Then they come back.

Before the arrival of the military, one scientist runs away in a panic, he passes several complexes, gets to the lower "layers", where he is killed by a creature, but on the radio he manages to report that he found the train.

[Episode 8]
The surviving group throws the engineer's corpse into neighboring compartments, where the corpse is eaten by one of the creatures. The band can hear it by the sounds. One member of the group breaks down, goes around the corner and shoots himself in the head.

Then they move to the train. They go around a lot of compartments where various interesting rooms are shown, people have various discussions (partly philosophical, about death, about the confrontation of countries and UFOs). Along the way, there are battles with creatures of a different type. Part of the team is dying.

[Episode 9: The Train]
Some people get to the train. The train needs to be powered up. The team wanders through the corridors and looks for a copper wire to replace the stabilizer and turn on the engine. During the search, you can hear the sounds of screeching walls. After starting the train, they discover that there are creatures in the last parts of the car and they make their way further. It was decided to unhook part of the train and they undermine the coupling between the cars and safely reach another complex.

There, they discover that there are no survivors on the second complex. Also on the computer, they learn that there was an exchange of warning missiles that did not carry nuclear weapons and it seems that the engineer was not ill with radiation sickness and then shows a "flashback", which shows that in fact the engineer crawled under the clothes of the worm hit.

[Finale]
In the complex, they find explosives and decide to destroy the complex. They get out of the complex and blow it up. After that, it shows how the creatures are burned in flames. Survivors find a nearby garage where they find snowmobiles and a GPS monitor.

They get on snowmobiles and drive along the road. At the end of the road you can see a light in the sky, they stop to see what it is, they see a UFO, there is a flash and the movie ends.

[Author]
r57zone@gmail.com